feat(playbooks): migration of centurion playbooks to github (#17)
NoFussComputing/ansible_collection_centurion: docs/projects/ansible/collection/centurion/playbooks/inventory.md

---
title: Inventory

> description: Inventory devices and publish to Centurion ERP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Ansible Playbook to inventroy devices and publish to Centurion ERP
```

> description: Inventory host machines and publish to Centurion ERP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Inventory devices and publish to Centurion ERP
```

Author: fixed

date: 2024-08-19
template: project.html
about: https://github.com/nofusscomputing/ansible_collection_centurion
---

> The inventory playbook has been created to inventory host machines and to publish the collected inventory to Centurion ERP. The inventory includes details of all software packages installed on the host machine as well as some details regarding the host machine such as UUID and serial number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The inventory playbook has been created to inventory devices and to publish the collected inventory to Centurion ERP. The inventory includes details of all software packages installed on the host machine as well as some details regarding the host machine such as UUID and serial number.
```

stick to the interface terms as this aids in clarity

Author: Updated

The inventory playbook includes the [AWX Feature](../../../playbooks/awx.md) to import the playbook as a job template in AWX / Ansible Automation Platform.

The following job template will be created:

*  **Centurion/ITAM/Inventory** Inventory host machines and publish to Centurion ERP

On import to AWX / Ansible Automation Platform a credential type will also be created, 'Collection/No Fuss Computing/Centurion/API' that can be used to supply the required secrets and Centurion host.

!!! warning
    The inventory playbook currently has an issue relating to gathering software starting with L. This issue has been reported and is being worked on 
    [github issue 19](https://github.com/nofusscomputing/ansible_collection_centurion/issues/19)

## Play workflow

The inventory playbook conducts the follwoing tasks:

- Gathers host information
- Gathers sofware information

> - POSTS an inventory report to Centurion ERP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uploads the inventory report to Centurion ERP
```

Author: Updated
